Label/Description for custom tags (#3329)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/content_management/rich_text/extend_online_editor.md

[[= include_file('code_samples/back_office/online_editor/custom_tags/factbox/config/packages/custom_tags.yaml') =]]
```

The example enables the custom tag under the `admin_group` [SiteAccess group](siteaccess.md), which controls where editors can use it.
The custom tag renders in all SiteAccesses, including the front end.
Custom tags can have as many attributes as needed.
Supported attribute types are:
`string`, `number`, `boolean`, `link`, and `choice`.
`choice` requires that you provide a list of options in the `choices` key.

You must provide your own Twig template.

> For the icon, provide your own SVG file or use one of the [icons built into [[= product_name =]]](/templating/twig_function_reference/icon_twig_functions.md#icons-reference), as in the example above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must provide your own Twig template.
For the icon, provide your own SVG file or use one of the [icons built into [[= product_name =]]](icon_twig_functions.md#icons-reference), as in the example above.
```

Author: Automagic linking doesn't work here because of the variable

Reviewer: Will be in conflict with #3330
